DEVAI-248: Update Documentation To Mark Pre-Existing As WIP (#28)
redhat-ai-dev/ai-rhdh-installer: README.md

## Helm Chart Installer

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > It is heavily recommended you run the Helm Chart on a fresh cluster that does not have pre-existing GitOps/ArgoCD, Pipelines/Tekton and Developer Hub Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended you run the Helm chart on a cluster that does not have pre-existing GitOps/ArgoCD, Pipelines/Tekton and Developer Hub operators.
```

Author: I will remove heavily but I think grammatically `Chart` and `Operators` should be capitalized, no? Since they are in reference to an actual titled thing?

Author: Actually I think just Operator is capitalized

## Configuration

> > [!IMPORTANT] 

Reviewer: Should we have this section after `bash configure.sh`?

Otherwise ppl will venture off before running configure.sh 🤔

Author: I was thinking if it is before then they don't run `configure.sh` expecting it to just work for their pre-existing and then they have all the necessary info of what is going on at the start, wdyt? I'm fine either way.

Reviewer: yeah its ok, I like your justification

> > It is recommended you configure using the `configure.sh` script listed below. Configuration options for pre-existing Instances are a work-in-progress (WIP). You can find information for those WIP options below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended you configure using the `configure.sh` script listed below. Configuration options for pre-existing instances are a work-in-progress (WIP), you can find these information here:
```
